update cli docs (#543)
helium/router: docs/Device.md

# Device CLI Commands

> Router maintains a databse in Rocks of Devices, but the paired Console instance should always be viewed as the source of truth for a Device.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Router maintains a database in RocksDB of Devices, but the paired Console instance should always be viewed as the source of truth for a Device.
```

> XOR Filter commands have been relocated under `router filter`.

> **NOTE: Commands in these docs assume an alias for `router`.**

```sh
alias router="docker exec -it helium_router _build/default/rel/router/bin/router"
```

## Commands

### List

```sh
router device all
```

Queries Console to report all devices.

### Info

```sh
router device --id=xxxxxxxx-xxxx-xxxx-xxxx-xxxxxxxxxxxx [--stop]
```

Simple information for a device. `<id>` is the device ID from Console, not the `app_eui` or `dev_eui`.

> ### Tracing

Reviewer: Is tracing part of the info command?  If a separate command, there's no usage/example.  If part of the info command as implied by `--stop` mentioned below, it's confusing being within a separate subsection.
